1, main, AubreyIRL, true: Hey thanks for agreeing to manage my new YouTube channel for me. Just to remind us both, this contract lasts for 8 weeks and your main responsibilities are helping with uploads for the channel and interacting with commenters.;
1, main, AubreyIRL, true: Each week a video has to be uploaded. I’ll send you different versions of videos I create and they’ll be available to watch and upload on the Youtube dashboard on the second tab of your screen. The comments for the previous week’s video are also on the dashboard for you to read and respond to.;
1, main, AubreyIRL, true: To keep Youtube from detecting a different login to my account, you have three actions per week, but one of them has to be uploading the video. Feel free to respond to comments or watch videos as your other two actions. As long as the video is uploaded, you don’t really have to do anything else, but it’s your choice.;
1, main, AubreyIRL, true: For the first week I recorded some videos to introduce the channel and I’m not sure which one to pick. Please choose the one you think would work best! Thanks again for your help!;
2, main, AubreyIRL, true: Great job choosing a video last week. I wasn’t expecting the channel to get interaction so soon. Along with uploading a video this week, make sure you read the comments on our last video and choose which to respond to and how to respond. Thank you!;
3, main, AubreyIRL, true: Great job managing the channel! I sent you the videos I recorded this week for you to choose to upload. Thanks again for your work!;
3, main, AkiyamaFan, true: I saw the video you just posted and thought the area looked familiar before I realized it was actually a place close to where I live. Can we meet up some time?;
4, main, AubreyIRL, true: Thanks so much for your help! This week I recorded some Get Ready With Me videos. I couldn’t decide which I liked more so could you please pick one to upload? Remember to respond to comments and watch videos to stay informed.;
5, main, AubreyIRL, true: Hey Maddie and I recorded a collab this week. I think they all turned out good so feel free to pick whichever video you think best to upload!;
5, main, AkiyamaFan, true: I liked the video this week, cuz i love all your videos! But i like it more when it’s just you in the video….;
6, main, AubreyIRL, true: Great job managing the channel and thank you for responding to the comments too, you are doing a great job!;
7, main, HimenoStan, true: Do you really have a boyfriend? He’s never been in any of your videos before;
7, main, AubreyIRL, true: Hey somebody scary came up to me while I was recording this week and it really freaked me out so I have decided I need to take a break for a while. I sent you a few videos where I explain why I’m taking a break for you to choose from. Thank you for responding to the comments for me, some of these people are wild.;
8, main, AkiyamaFan, true: I’m so happy you ended up talking about me in your video! But I’m sad you think that I am stalking you :( I thought we had more than that. If you really leave Youtube, I guess I’ll have to take matters into my own hands… so let’s not have it come to that!;